# NOV ELYSIA // 5.14.5016u
Finally managing to rest after their pitched mission, the squad of Kingfisher-2 refits their mechs with new licensed equipment while preparing for their next mission; Take down the communication jamming
effecting the city and retrieve Ambassador Bannerjee and Captain Farris. 

Setting out early in the morning the group takes on their first task of disabling the communications jamming with Rio's gifted code-spike. Managing to thin the enemies out, they succeed in holding the area long
enough for the code-spike to upload, clearing the air. With the jamming lifted, communications among LSA and Union forces crowd the radio as chatter from various battles is finally able to be heard. With this, Rio
is able to determine the location of Captain Farris, moving quickly towards a port within Nov Elysia. Their objective in sight, the squad moves towards the port to save their Captain and the Ambassador.

After a pitched battle the squad of Kingfisher-2 is able to retrieve both Captain Farris and Ambassador Bannerjee. Pulling back from the Vestan submarine, the squad moves the VIPs to the rendevouz point. Awaiting
their dropship, a sudden flash of light lances across the docks. Pulling away to avoid the subsequent fireballs blooming in to the air, the dropship retreats; as do the Captain and Ambassador. As fire spreads across
the docks, a strange mech crackles in to existence and over open comms calls for "No survivors." 

In a brutal fight, with the loss of two mechs, the squad of Kingfisher-2 not only manages to destroy the technologically advanced mech, but all nearby reinforcements as well. With the fighting finally over, they and
the VIPs are finally able to be retrieved. UNION's mission finished, the drawback order is sounded and everyone can return home to the RIO GRANDE.
