# VESTAN COASTLINE, 140km WEST OF GREVKA // 8.24.5016u
3 Months after the attack on Nov Elysia, full blown war has encapsulated Cressidium. Militant forces have overthrown the Vestan Government and taken over in a bid to rid Cressidium of UNION presence
and taking control of the planet. UNION Centcomm has agreed to allow the LSA to officially become part of UNION, allowing those aboard the Rio Grande to take part in the war effort to protect the innocent
and beat back the opressors. To this effect, a joint military force has been created known as Task Force Indigo; made up of pilots and marines from both UNION and LSA forces. Task Force Indigo being the ones 
to call when a job is considered too difficult or too high value to take on with normal forces.

To this end, after managing to work with Vestan Resistance forces, the LSA and UNION have determined that the Vestan TARTARUS project is something that needs to be stopped; a surface-orbit missile payload. 
With Task Force Indigo taking charge behind enemy lines with a coastal insertion, they make their way inland dealing with various patrols and outposts while meeting with and helping supply the Vestan Resistance.
In less than 24 hours, Task Force Indigo and the Resistance leader Vasil Gerou managed to push through Vestan territory to the Angopolis Aerospace Facility believed to be the launch site for TARTARUS. After breaking
through the enemy forces, they are too late to stop the launch of TARTARUS, but in exchange they learn the truth and scope of the program. TARTARUS isn't a missile payload, it's a ship. 

With a gun pointed straight at the planet, the Vestan Forces manage to force the surrender of the LSA military, occupying various cities, and orbitally bombarding others that don't comply. With the Rio Grande 
heavily outgunned, UNION forces are stranded planet side, with reinforcements still over 2 years away. Their main objective now is to survive.
