# Vestan Coastline, 79km South-West of Grevka // 6.17.5016u
After the events involving ~~REDACTED~~ in the Alisande Desert, the crew managed to pull back from the destruction of the research facility. Taking what little data they could, they return to the Rio Grande.
Shortly after their return, multiple reports started pouring in from many parts of the Leandric States Alliance territories as the Vestan Sovereignty launched a full-out assault citing UNION's appearance
and the destruction of their facilites as cause for war. Within a week they had violently pushed deep in to LSA lands, from what information could be gathered by forces on the ground it seems that after the
events of Nov Elysia Neo-Anthrochauvinist and Radical elements in the VS government had taken control through a violent coup. 

It's been three months since the war has started. UNION has officially recognized the LSA as part of the UNION community and the Rio Grande has been offering as much support as possible with their limited resources. 
With UNION reinforcements 30 months out (real-time) the LSA and Rio Grande have created a joint force known as Task Force Indigo to deal with the more difficult and dangerous ops that come with fighting an overpowering
enemy force. The longer the war goes on, the more information the LSA and Rio Grande hear of project TARTARUS. Determining it to be something involving an abandoned orbital missile project of the Sovereignty from the 
cold war, military leadership has decided to focus efforts on locating and destroying this project before it can be used to cause even more destruction than the war has already caused.

On this day in particular, the main LSA forces prepare to mount a siege on the Vestan capital city of Grevka. While they do this, the main squad of Task Force Indigo will be inserted behind enemy lines to 
meet with resistance elements fighting back against the new hardline government of the Sovereignty. With their mechs loaded aboard an LSA Aircraft Carrier, the crew awaits their launch in to enemy territory.
