Once, a long time ago Pressidia was a lush world, teeming with life. However, things were not quite as it seemed.  Pressidia is rife with impossibilities, flora that evolved traits unnecessary to their environment, fauna much the same, not to mention jagged mountainous geological formations that are impossibly thing like long, fingers reaching out from the worlds crust. These impossibilities lead to Pressidia, gaining quite a reputation amongst biologists, and geologists who would come to investigate the ecology and geology of the world. One of these many expeditions, decided to traverse  deeper into the rife jungle than any before. 

This expedition was the singular most important events of Pressidia's existence. They returned maddened and rambling,  local officials labelling it as a failure. Despite this Union arrived, bringing the attention of the Second Commission upon the world. With SecCom came prosperity for Pressidia, creating a market for the exotic woods and pelts, but also ever more deep jungle expeditions. 

Years passed, and Pressidia grew fat on the technology and wealth it had gained from SecCom's presence and the  corporate attention that came with it. It seemed an endless Golden Age for Pressidians, a technological and cultural renaissance. One day everthing changed, it started with a  cataclysmic stormfront emerging from the centre of the  equitorial jungles, an unnatural red colour instead of the 
more natural blues or purples. Pressidian officials turned to SecCom and Corporate officials for assistance, only to  find them all in full retreat, leaving behind all of their worldside holdings. This would later become known as the Exodus, immediately preceeding the coming of the Ruinstorm.

The Ruinstorm destroyed Pressidia, tearing down all it had become in the many years since SecCom's arrival. It left nothing standing, be it man-made or a natural structure,  winds so strong they seemed to tear whole sections of earth  skyward like a half-peeled potato. 

SecCom would keep tabs on Pressidia for the remainder of  their time in office, seeking to return to their prize. Unbeknownst to anyone on Pressidia, that doomed expedition had found evidence on Nonhuman structures on Pressidia, leading SecCom to confirm their findings. SecCom confirmed their findings, completing the puzzle that hundreds of  scientists couldn't. Pressidia's strangeness has been caused by bleeding, a metavault had been co-habitating with the world since it's creation. SecCom had begun to unspool the isometric ruins littering the world, as they did, the unreality caused by the bleed increase exponentionally. This eventually culminated in the formation of the Ruinstorm

The Ruinstorm ravaged Pressidia for as long as it took for SecCom to be ousted by the ThirdCom and then some. When  ThirdCom came to office and eventually found the records on Pressidia, they decided to commission a IPS-Northstar  expedition to provide relief to the world. Along the course of their journey, the IPS-N fleet eventually met with some SSC officials who had been informed of this expedition and were interested in getting involved. Negotiations were  quick, and the SSC officials were allowed to join the  convoy so long as they brought their own transport. Arriving at Pressidia the convoy found the world in tatters, lush 
jungle and flowing graslands had been replaced by jagged crag and wasteland. The people reduced from erudite technocrats and artists to wasteland raiders and scavengers, fashioning crude cybernetic implants from what technological scraps they could get their hands on. IPS-N was not impressed with this showing, taking their survey as commissioned and leaving it at that. the SSC officials however were very interested, never before had they seen such a drastic before and after for a world and its people. Where most would see a world destroyed by a natural disaster, SSC saw a business opportunity, a perfect new world for their premier people program. A few months later, a whole SSC fleet descended to Pressidia to make contact with the scavengers, providing them with artisan bionics and specialist biotech. Much to their chagrin, Union arrived shortly after. Coming with humanitarian supplies to bring the world into compliance with the Union's three pillars. Since then, SSC and Union have been in something of a cold war each attempting to bring the world into their collection, while undermining the efforts of their competitor.

Vander and his clan were members of a group of SSC sponsored scavengers commissioned to scavenge the ruins of SSC's pre-Exodus HQ. The Ruinstorm hit this area hard, leaving behind layers of exotic radiations and worse things. Despite Unions best efforts the scavenger's of Pressidia are the bottom of the food chain still being predated upon by the various raider groups. One such group, caught Vander and his clan, The Hazards, on their way to rendevous with their SSC contacts. The came in fast, cutting down many of the clan in their opening volly, the rest were taken out as the raiders and their buggies made contact with their augmented flesh. The SSC guncutter, that was supposed to come and collect their findings never arrived, and the raider's left no survivors. They hounded him, chasing him deeper and deeper into SSC's old territory, closer and closer to SecCom's territory, and the many half functioning defenses that not even the Ruinstorm could entirely demolish. By some kind of miracle Vander did not set off the automated defenses, perhaps it's because he did not weigh enough to trigger them or perhaps its because he was too lacking in organic material, but whatever the cause the turrets ignored him and fired upon the raiders.

Not that Vander noticed, he was too busy running, deeper and deeper into the compound. Until eventually he made contact witha funcitoning bank of computers, there he finally came to rest, and more out of instinct than purpose he began to investigate the computers and their contents. There he made a most astounding discovery, a fragment of code more sophisticated and complex than any he had before. Caught in a fervor, he 
downloaded the code into one of his internal reservoirs, as he felt and overwhelming need to have it, to protect it, to.. nurture it. He understood instinctually that this sliver of code as the heart of a "Comp/Con, and that by feeding it enough data it would learn from it and become more than it anything before. Scavenging some additional gear and augmentics to trade Vander made his way back to society, where he would enlist with Union's armed forces.

## Random Facts:

