In a system just on the border of the Diaspora, there is a planet called Ceretosa. This world has been in a constant state of war since the beginning of its planetside history, originally stemming from territorial disputes for resources and now just becoming a way of life. About a decade ago though, Union set up shop and had a system administrator present in a station anchored in the system, trying to begin talks to cease the constant war on the world and begin the long process of converting it to Core World status.
However, this new connection to the galaxy at large also brought with it connections to the corporate powers, and one group of arms researchers got in contact with a corpo in particular: Smith-Shimano.
Buying rights to cloning and gene-tech, they began the creation of a new weapon on their neighbors: a super soldier program where the reptilian megafauna present on the world would have their DNA combined with subjects to create batches of killers fit for war and no more.
Raenna was part of the Third Generation of this program, the first two resulting mainly in failures due to genetic instability or mental degradation resulting in near feral killing intent.
By this point the genetic processing was stable enough to call the process a success, but in order to try and instill absolute loyalty and a fierce competitive nature within their test subjects, at this point being war orphans taken very young to be molded in their development, they devised a set of trials and combat tests to determine the top of their “class”. An alpha “Valedictorian”.
The Valedictorian was crowned the leader of their group, while the rest of their class, a total of 15 other kids, were then summarily executed by the Valedictorian one by one, and then using their genetic material and mind scans were in a manner “resurrected” through cloning, with the intent to set a precedent of the Valedictorian being in charge with all others subservient to them.
Raenna was one of those 15, executed and recreated to be broken and reshaped into the killers their creators wanted.
And she did become a killer. Just not in the way they expected.
In a subsequent test involving the use of combat stimms, when she was injected and out into a duel with the Valedictorian she not only won, but ended up in a predatory rage so fierce that she overpowered him completely and proceeded to murder him.
At this point she was but into an isolated chamber to be dealt with once the scientists decided on a use for her after this “development”, but this was around the time Union caught wind of this horrible experiment and finally decided to act.
After a month of isolation, the at this point 16 year old Raenna was liberated as a Lancer unit employed by Union assaulted the facility.
Many members of her “class” were killed in the engagement, but a notable 4 and a handful of scientists went unaccounted for.
Now brought into Union and given new training and much needed psychological help, she’s taken to heart the future that Union wants to make: a universe where monsters like her don’t need to exist, where she can be free as a person rather than a beast.

## Trivia
